throughout this whole book he literally
only ever writes about women as
commodities who are there to boost his
ego or make him look cool
or for him to have sex with pablo
picasso
how does he talk about women and his
relationships to her
bill clinton
napoleon bonaparte and the man
who started it all for the modern
western world
jean-jacques rousseau
we're raised to believe
that great men should have great desires
and one terrible weakness
it's so easy for someone like jake to be
like yeah i just worked for it
you know you can do anything if you try
and stuff like that when he comes from
a place of such like privilege and money
and he had his entire family supporting
him and he had all these opportunities
kind of handed to him and like
i mean even stuff like having a video
camera at his age
huge privilege oh your privilege is
showing maybe this is just because i'm
not a fan of jake paul
he never talks about any real deep or
meaningful relationships he never really
talks about anything
deeper than carl's money girl right on
the first page jake tells us
you'll never see me at the club you'll
never see me at the late night
night house party you'll never see me
drinking you'll never see me smoking
i'm all about that strong work ethic and
striving to achieve my goals
all while having fun of course and
rereading those bits made me realize
just how awful some of the parts are
where he talks about women
he's just he's very objectifying he he
minimizes everything a person is down to
their looks
and it's lots of kind of like little
things that just don't portray women
in a good light you have to remember
that he is a 19 year old man an adult
at this point telling single girls to dm
him
lists in which he describes every girl
he's been intimate with and how
he has like instructions for kissing
he talks about how hot these 14 year old
girls he
knew were and it's just very odd in the
context
of who is writing it and who's reading
it there's at least a good
moral to some of the stories being told
like there's definitely
good little teachings in here for the
young people reading it like messages
about
working hard and not giving up and
apologizing when you do stuff wrong but
on the whole most of them just revolve
around
and then i got girls on money next let
me tell you about girls and money and
designer clothes
next let me name drop oh and by the way
girls girls girls
money and girls that's like 75
of the book and it's not interesting
there's a huge issue with how he talks
about women and girls it's incredibly
objectifying throughout the whole book
there's some very jarring passages it's
very odd because you see him at 19 kind
of like
stepping into adulthood and starting to
try and
navigate adult relationships and living
by himself
managing money having an actual job and
responsibilities
and you see him kind of starting to try
and navigate this stuff
but all while having the mindset of a
child i'm only four years older
but the way he just objectifies women
and just talks about basically using
them for sex like i'm all
for alternate lifestyles and letting
people live however they want and all
that kind of thing
but i will never support glamorizing
immaturity
that's that's what it all boils down to
this book was published by
simon schuster clearly simon schuster
with these youtuber books are just
trying to make a quick bit of money off
influencers in their large audience
and don't actually care about the books
they're putting out it's clear that they
just say to this youtuber
we'll give you x amount of money for 200
pages
write whatever you want and then these
youtubers fill the pages with whatever
crap they want
actual people who care about books and
writing
people who actually care about their
work and work for years
decades to hone their craft i just
ignored and never
actually get published when they deserve
it far more than this crap
he literally includes a whole page in
the book saying girls girls girls
girls girls girls girls girls over and
over
i can see why he got a book deal and
then he goes through and lists each
young girl he was intimate with and
lists them by name and tells his child
fans everything that happened between
them
and how he ended up cheating on three
women at once lovely
there was a men's room a ladies room and
a room marked family
we stood out front for a moment and then
without ever discussing it
we walked together into the shared
family bathroom the door shut and we
stood directly opposite each other
then we made out he then goes on
immediately to talk about michelle
she was blonde and had an athletic body
exactly my type
are you seeing a pattern here she just
looked sexy
she was the first girl who made me stop
everything and go wow
so did julie who's julie julie
she was a brunette and had an athletic
body exactly my type
she also had boobs i was into making out
but i'd heard that others were doing
more than kissing including julie it's
so disgustingly objectifying
julie and i went into my room together
and made out then after a while her
hands went places and so did mine
and suddenly we were past making out in
brand new territory
at least for me i was like oh my god
this is the best moment ever
the cool thing is that that moment is
still pretty great
all these years later this is so gross
for an adult to be writing this for
children and i mean yeah
teach kids about sex education teach
them in an educational
manner teach them about consent and
what's appropriate
and respecting your partner and all that
other stuff educate them
speak to them about it normalize it
destigmatize it
but
[Music]
and it gets worse in the next next
chapter which is titled
10 facts about teenage guys that every
teenage girl
should know while girls are occupied
with their hairstyles clothes and shoes
and maybe cool rings and necklaces most
guys in the 8th grade are thinking about
what girls look like
after all that's removed and they're in
their underwear or
bathing suits if you need a translation
i see all women in my life as objects
and only think about how i can use them
for sex
i assume all men are also like me i mean
yes jake it really sounds like you liked
julie for
who she was and just being herself and
not because in your words
she had boobs and you'd heard she'd done
more than kissing
kelly was tall and blonde and beautiful
there was nothing unawesome about her
or about the idea of hanging out with
her for the four days of the tour
i found pictures of her on the internet
not a difficult thing to do
i hadn't been able to stop thinking
about her she was the hottest girl i'd
ever seen
and she was famous verified on twitter
he doesn't even say anything about her
other than she's tall she's blonde she's
beautiful
she's verified on twitter that's a
personality trait apparently then again
she wasn't just any ordinary girl
not with that long blonde hair
sculptured features
and sparkle in her eye so once again i
should mention we're now
three chapters in that she's been
mentioned and spoken about
and i know nothing about her personality
her interests her character
apparently blonde and hot is all we need
to know
we've gotten to the point where nobody
thinks
it's morally acceptable to ridicule
someone
for being homosexual
it's not appropriate to ridicule someone
for being transgender
because even if that sexuality
is a type of sexuality you would not
enjoy yourself
that you would not choose yourself
if you had a choice
that's the only sexuality they've got
that's who they really are
that's what they have to work with
that's their struggle in life
right they live with those desires
and they can try to silence them and
they can try to suffocate them
but that is a part of who they are
so we've developed this philosophical
attitude
that we all ought to live in a society
together
with some degree of tolerance
and even admiration for the transgender
people
and the intersex people and the bisexual
all kinds of people with you know
minority
sexual orientations that we ought to
admire them and appreciate them
if they have the honesty to come out and
talk through exactly the kind of thing
jake paul
just talked through in this
autobiography and yes
we all find it embarrassing we all find
it
hard to listen to okay hearing a 19 year
old
discuss his sexual development between
like 16 17
18 19 right it's hard to listen to
i don't want to hear it i don't
sympathize right
but i think we should pay really close
attention to this
double standard it's a little too easy
to laugh and sneer at
jake paul between the ages of 16
and 19 because these are his desires
and this is his sexuality
that's the only sexuality he's god
think about it think about what you're
asking of him
are you asking of him to be an angel
rather than a human being are you asking
him to have the maturity of a 35 year
old man
rather than a 16 year old 17 year old 18
year old
you have to make a decision are you
going to engage in politics
by addressing your thoughts to human
nature as it truly
is or as it ought to be because
the vast majority of men of all ages
have a lot more in common with jake paul
than they have in common with
me and you know what the vast majority
of men
of all ages would prefer to live their
life
like jake paul than to live their life
like me
at any age you know what for me it's not
just in my 30s
42 now already when i was 16
17 18 19. already i was really hung up
on this idea that you should not choose
a woman
and you should not fall in love with a
woman because of her physical appearance
i can't even say because of her physical
appearance alone i felt that a woman's
physical appearance
ought to be a relatively minor and
trivial thing
compared to who she was intellectually
emotionally
ethically you know what i still feel
that way
to this day and it's
just not the case that i'm right
and jake paul is wrong all right
you can laugh you can sneer you can
point your finger at his sexuality
but that is the only sexuality
he's got you can say to him that he
ought to care
about the quality of someone's character
you have to seek out women who will
appreciate him for his
for his character right at age 19.
at age 16 whatever character he would
one day develop do you think he already
had it
at 16 do you think he already had 19 and
the women
he was getting involved with who were
variously
fashion models instagram models one of
them was a comedian i think and so
the other teenage starlets going to
auditions in hollywood he was meeting
who were probably
sharing his same level of shallowness
and were probably attracted to him
for reasons just as shallow as why he
was attracted to them
are we going to address our philosophies
to people as they truly are
or to a notion we've made up in our own
heads of what they ought to be
an ideal they're supposed to live up to
if you have a gay cousin or a gay
brother
or a gay uncle there is
no sense whatsoever in reproaching them
and saying well you ought to live as i
live and you ought to feel as i feel
and you ought to desire what i desire in
life
right and there's actually a profound
sense in which no matter how polite you
are in saying that
you are guilty of a kind of bigotry
and if you haven't already been thinking
about it for decades it's a little bit
difficult
to to wrap your head around that right
that sexuality is the only sexuality
you've got
those are the desires they are going to
live with their whole lives long
but i'll tell you this whether you are
deep or
shallow whether you are gay or straight
whether you care primarily or only about
a woman's appearance
or about who she is ethically
intellectually emotional otherwise
your desires should not define who you
are
you should not think of yourself first
and foremost
as gay or straight or bisexual or
transsexual
you shouldn't let this become a mask
that you wear
that covers up your real face you should
live a life
that's meaningful in so many ways
that what you desire and even who you
fall in love with or in who you pursue
and the people who break your heart that
all that stuff that whole realm of human
sexuality
that it's a relatively small part of
your life
that's a relatively small part of what's
meaningful to you so that if you do sit
down to write your autobiography one day
like jake paul right it isn't the
dominant light motif of what you have to
say about your life
where when a publishing company hands
you a blank sheet of paper
and says tell me about yourself where
all you've got to say is
these are the women i chased these women
i slept with
these were the desires that defined my
life
and i lived according to their dictates
but in the case of jake paul let's not
compare him to some
angel that we imagine he could be all
right
this is who he is this is all he's got
to give
this is his story to tell and if this
were the autobiography
of a transgender person who would become
a prostitute
there is no chance rachel oates
would be passing these kinds of
judgments on the person ethically none
it's exclusively mainstream
heterosexuality
that is in this way singled out vilified
and punished as if it's an illness
as if it's a contagion as if it's
something to be apologized for
that he ought to be ashamed of himself
that he likes tall blonde athletic women
you you would never say that about a gay
man
who said something similar about the man
he pursues or a transgender person
or a bisexual woman or a prostitute
writing her autobiography about her
years as a sex worker
never so there is a double standard here
that matters
a little bit deeper i think all of us
even somebody with as little book
learning
as jake paul all of us are living our
lives in the shadow
of the culture not just what it means to
be a man
but of what it means to be a great man
pablo picasso donald trump
bill clinton napoleon bonaparte
jean-jacques rousseau
men who describe themselves and define
themselves in terms of these
overwhelming desires
and men who shamelessly or even
pridefully
talked about themselves in terms of
their weakness
their inability to resist the temptation
of
their desire for sexual relations with
innumerable
attractive women all right jean-jacques
rousseau
really created this pattern and one of
the reasons it was so influential
was that rousseau directly influenced
napoleon bonaparte and napoleon
bonaparte went on to influence everyone
on planet earth
including pablo picasso and jake paul
i kid you not all right this idea
that a great man isn't someone
who has the self-discipline to sneer
at his own desires that a great man
isn't someone who can rebuff
the advances of a beautiful woman as
something trivial
compared to precisely the greatness of
his ambitions
or all the other things that make his
life meaningful
no no no what emerges in the writing of
jean-jacques rousseau
is very specifically the idea that the
great man
from his early childhood forward has
these intense
sexual desires and he writes them all
down in his autobiography
and they shape and reshape his life
okay jean-jacques rousseau changed his
life forever
by converting from protestantism to
catholicism
because he had a crush on a pretty girl
he ended up having
a three-way with her ended up having
kinky sex with her and her manservant as
i recall
it's a very strange situation this is
one of the most formative sexual
experiences of his life
he went on to write about it at great
length napoleon blown apart lost his
virginity sleeping with a prostitute how
do we know that because he wrote about
it himself
right the confessions of jean-jacques
rousseau
the idea of the great writer the great
artist and the great political leader
that this is a man
with great desires with overwhelming
desires
and he goes on to become famous irony of
ironies for writing of course is
philosophy of education
philosophy of parenting and raising
children
sean jack rousseau got the same woman
pregnant four or five
times we don't know we don't know if
it's four it's five
because every single time
he had her take the baby and hand it
over
to a group of nuns he had the baby
handed over to an institution where
maybe it was given up
for adoption and maybe was educated and
raised entirely by nuns and priests
we don't know there were no records kept
he was never able at a later time to
track down
any of his own children this man is
everywhere considered a good man and a
great man
and a genius and he is especially
admired
for his philosophy of parenting
and early childhood education
um we're in a very difficult
period of transition
not just from christianity to atheism
but from a long history of not really
questioning
for centuries what it means to be a
great man
what it means to be a man what it means
to be great
and now in the absence of god
simply what it means to be good
my sling is editorial explicit material
briefcase show live and stereo flow fill
me